Update hover-text-and-formatting.md (#4557)
plotly/plotly.py: doc/python/hover-text-and-formatting.md

fig.show()
```

### Specifying the formatting and labeling of custom fields in a Plotly Express figure using a hovertemplate

> This example adds custom fields to a Plotly Express figure using the custom_data parameter and then  adds a hover template that applies d3 formats to each element of the customdata[n] array and uses HTML to customize the fonts and spacing. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example adds custom fields to a Plotly Express figure using the custom_data parameter and then adds a hover template that applies d3 formats to each element of the customdata[n] array and uses HTML to customize the fonts and spacing. 
```

```
# %%
import plotly.graph_objects as go
import plotly.express as px
import pandas as pd
import math
import numpy as np

data = px.data.gapminder()
df = data[data['year']==2007]
df = df.sort_values(['continent', 'country'])

df.rename(columns={"gdpPercap":'GDP per capita', "lifeExp":'Life Expectancy (years)'}, inplace=True)

fig=px.scatter(df, 
               x='GDP per capita',
               y='Life Expectancy (years)', 
               color='continent', 
               size=np.sqrt(df['pop']),           
               # Specifying data to make availabe to the hovertemplate

>                # The px custom_data parameter has an underscore, whike the analogous graph objects customdata parameter has no underscore.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
               # The px custom_data parameter has an underscore, while the analogous graph objects customdata parameter has no underscore.
```

               # The px custom_data parameter is a list of column names in the data frame, while the graph objects customdata parameter expects a data frame or a numpy array.
               custom_data=['country', 'continent', 'pop'], 
)

> # Plotly express does not have a hovertemplate paramter in the graph creation function, so we apply the template with update_traces

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# Plotly express does not have a hovertemplate parameter in the graph creation function, so we apply the template with update_traces
```

fig.show()
```

### Specifying the formatting and labeling of custom fields in a Plotly Express figure using a hovertemplate

This example adds custom fields to a Plotly Express figure using the custom_data parameter and then adds a hover template that applies d3 formats to each element of the customdata[n] array and uses HTML to customize the fonts and spacing. 

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```

import math
import numpy as np

data = px.data.gapminder()
df = data[data['year']==2007]
df = df.sort_values(['continent', 'country'])

df.rename(columns={"gdpPercap":'GDP per capita', "lifeExp":'Life Expectancy (years)'}, inplace=True)

fig=px.scatter(df, 
               x='GDP per capita',
               y='Life Expectancy (years)', 
               color='continent', 
               size=np.sqrt(df['pop']),           
               # Specifying data to make available to the hovertemplate
               # The px custom_data parameter has an underscore, while the analogous graph objects customdata parameter has no underscore.
               # The px custom_data parameter is a list of column names in the data frame, while the graph objects customdata parameter expects a data frame or a numpy array.
               custom_data=['country', 'continent', 'pop'], 
)

# Plotly express does not have a hovertemplate parameter in the graph creation function, so we apply the template with update_traces
fig.update_traces(
    hovertemplate = 
                "<b>%{customdata[0]}</b><br>" +
                "<b>%{customdata[1]}</b><br><br>" +
                "GDP per Capita: %{x:$,.0f}<br>" +

>                 "Life Expectation: %{y:.0f}<br>" +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                "Life Expectancy: %{y:.0f}<br>" +
```

fig = go.Figure()

for continent_name, df in continent_data.items():
    fig.add_trace(
        go.Scatter(
            x=df['gdpPercap'],
            y=df['lifeExp'],
            marker_size=df['size'],
            name=continent_name,

>             # The next three parameters specify the hover text
>             # Text supports just one customized field per trace, but is simple to implement
>             text=df['continent'],  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # The next three parameters specify the hover text
            # Text supports just one customized field per trace 
            # and is implemented here with text=df['continent'],  
```

Author: Looks fine!  Many thanks!

>             # Custom data supports multiple fields through numeric indices in the hovertemplate 
>             # If I were not looking for an opportunity to demonstrate the text parameter, 
>             # I would likely just add continent as a third customdata field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            # Custom data supports multiple fields through numeric indices in the hovertemplate 
            # In we weren't using the text parameter in our example, 
            # we could instead add continent as a third customdata field.
```

@rl-utility-man just want to keep that language similar to the language earlier in the example. Does this still read as you intended?

Author: Looks great!
